[CECILY gasping]
[CECILY]
What is that thing? A demon?
[DEMON growls]
You can do this.
Don't chicken out.
It's my duty as the head of
the prestigious Cambell house.
I'm a member of
the Knight Guards
who protect the Independent
Trade Cities of Housman.
I am... Cecily Cambell!
[yelling]
[CECILY] That's three times now
you've saved my life, Luke.
[CITIZENS chattering]
Come get'cher vegetables!
Everything's 30% off!
Look no further, ladies and
gents! I've got...
[CUSTOMER]
You can't be serious.
[STEEL VENDOR]
I'm sorry, sir,
but our trade rate for
tamahagane was set back
at the beginning of the year.
Take it or leave it.
C'mon, can't you
make an exception?
I'm afraid not.
Are you sure? I have
friends who happen to be
high-ranking officials
within the Empire.
I'd hate to have to
tell them about you.
[STEEL VENDOR] Hmph. Housman is
an independent trade city, sir.
The Empire and
the Garrison State
mean nothing here.
If you want to buy it then
buy it. If not, just go home.
[CUSTOMER]
How dare you?!
You're nothing but
a small-town trader!
If the Empire ever got wind
of what you're doing here--
[CECILY] That's enough! Take
your hands off of him right now.
[STEEL VENDOR grunts]
What do you want, little girl?
[gasps]
No way. You're a member
of the Knight Guards?
It's common knowledge
that Housman controls
the tamahagane market
and can therefore
set its own prices.
Even the Empire is
aware of that fact, sir.
If you still want to haggle,
then I will take matters
into my own hands.
Shall I introduce you to
the Cambell family sword?
I'll be back!
[sighs]
[CITIZENS cheer]
[MAN 1]
Nice, kiddo!
[WOMAN 2]
You really stood up to him!
[STEEL VENDOR] We can't
thank you enough, Cecily.
[FISH VENDOR] Yeah.
That was truly impressive.
[VEGETABLE VENDOR] I remember
when you were just knee-high.
But now you've grown
so much bigger!
Hey! You wanna sleep in
the barn for the next week?
[CITIZENS laughing]
[JACK yells]
What now?
[yelling]
[VOICE 1]
What's with that guy?
[VOICE 2]
I don't know!
[VOICE 3] He just went
crazy all of a sudden!
[VOICE 4]
Hey, look at his armor!
It's pretty ragged,
but it doesn't look cheap!
[VOICE 5]
You're right!
It looks like he used to be
the leader of an arms group!
Stop this!
I won't allow you to
disgrace a knight's sword!
A true knight swings his
sword to protect people,
not frighten them!
I'm a member of the
Knight Guards who protect
the Independent Trade
Cities of Housman.
My name is Cecily Cambell.
I order you to disarm
and leave this place!
[MAN yelling, grunting]
Didn't you hear what I said?
Disarm and leave immediately!
[CITIZENS gasping]
[MAN yells]
[CECILY]
If you do not follow my orders,
I'll have to resort to violence!
Where is it?
I've waited so long.
Where is my salvation?
[gasps] Salvation?
[yells]
[CECILY grunting]
[CECILY] I don't know how much
more of this I can take.
I gave them everything I had.
My mind, body, and soul
for a chance to fight.
But it was all for nothing!
[CECILY] Don't let him
get to you, Cecily.
Don't be afraid, just stay
strong. This is your duty.
I will protect the
people of Housman!
[yelling]
[CECILY gasps]
They promised...
They promised me salvation.
[CECILY]
The Cambell family sword.
What'll I do now? He'll kill me.
Where is it?!
[CECILY gasps]
[gasping]
I noticed your arm.
You must be a veteran
of the Valbanill War.
[CECILY] Amazing...
He sliced right through it!
[CITIZENS murmuring]
[CECILY] I've never seen
a sword like that.
[CITIZENS murmuring]
Thanks for saving me.
I'm one of the Knight Guards--
[gasps]
Ow. That hurt.
[LUKE] Hmph. You're a sorry
excuse for a knight.
[CECILY] What did you say?
Hey. You don't even know me--
[LISA]
Luke! Don't leave without me!
I'm glad we ran into you,
that was a close call.
Jeez, why's he in such a
hurry to get out of here?
Luke! Wait up!
Luke...
[LISA] You certainly don't see
female knights very often.
She's no knight.
She's totally incompetent.
But did you see the way
she stood up him?
All she did was
make things worse.
Well, I thought she was
courageous and real pretty!
I didn't get a good
look at her face.
All I noticed was
the way she was
swinging around
that joke of a sword.
Trust me, she was pretty.
The only reason her
sword looked funny
is 'cause it was broken.
[LUKE]
She's better off without one.
She should quit
while she still can.
[LISA]
Give the girl a break.
Where do you think you're going?
We have a meeting today!
I don't feel like going
anymore. I'm heading home.
You're skipping again?
Don't you think
they're gonna be mad?
They're expecting you!
[BLACKSMITH] These days we
use molds to make swords.
It's more efficient. So we
don't really do repairs.
I'm afraid the only
thing we could do
is melt down your old sword
and completely re-forge it.
If you did that, it wouldn't
be the same sword anymore.
This sword has been passed down
the Cambell family
for generations.
Well, I'm sorry
but we can't help.
Back in the old days
there were blacksmiths
who could repair
a sword like yours.
But it'd be nearly impossible
to find someone
who could do that now.
You know, this blacksmith shop
forges all of the
Knight Guard's swords.
Since you're a member, we could
always order you a new one.
Best of all, it would be free!
I appreciate it, Patty.
But I could never wield
a different sword.
[PATTY]
I understand.
Look, I know it holds
sentimental value,
but it's incredibly old.
Even if you found
someone who could fix it,
it would still be
totally useless in battle.
That may be,
but I can't give up on it.
No other sword could
protect me like this one.
Except his.
Sir, do you happen to know
a young man named Luke?
Luke? Sure do.
[CECILY]
"You'll find his cottage
on the outskirts
of the 7th city.
It's near the river just
before you get to the forest."
This has gotta be the place.
Lisa?
[LUKE]
Lisa.
Yeah, what is it, Luke?
[LUKE]
Could you make us some tea?
I'm just about done.
Sure, no problem. Oh...
What's the matter,
everything okay?
You again.
Uh. Hey.
Ah-hem. I'm one of the
Knight Guards who protect
the Independent Trade
Cities of Housman.
My name is Cecily Cambell.
I want to thank you
for saving my life.
I owe you one.
Yeah, great.
My name's Luke Ainsworth.
It's nice to meet you.
What'd you do that for?
"A proper greeting
is quintessential
to a fledgling relationship."
That's something my father
always used to say.
What the hell's
wrong with you, lady?
[LISA]
Are you kids ready for tea?
How'd the introductions go?
You friends yet?
We're gettin' there.
[LUKE]
Hmph.
[LISA]
Here you go, Miss Cambell.
[CECILY]
Oh, please, it's just Cecily.
Oh. Miss Cecily.
Your name is Lisa, right?
I noticed your name
on the sign outside.
Yeah, that's just a coincidence.
Oh. Sorry, did I hit a nerve?
So's there a reason
you're still here?
I was hoping you might
forge me a sword.
You what?
A sharp one. Exactly
like the one you carry.
You know, one strong enough
to slice through other swords.
I'm sorry, we don't take
commissions for swords.
We stopped making them.
The day my father died?
He's who forged that
one you're lookin' at.
Wow. So, did he also make
the one you've been using?
No, Luke forged that
sword all by himself--
[LUKE]
Lisa!
If you made it by yourself, you
should be proud of your work.
It's the most amazing
sword I've ever seen.
It's strong and beautiful.
I was so impressed.
I decided I had to
have one for myself.
Not gonna happen.
I only forge katana
for my own personal use.
Katana? Is that
what they're called?
I made that decision
when I was a kid.
Now please leave.
[LISA sighs]
[gasps]
This is my sword.
It's not much, but it's been
in the Cambell family
for generations.
You know I'm a member
of the Knight Guards
but here's something
you don't know.
I've only been a knight
for about a month.
Ever since the Valbanill War,
the head of the Cambell family
has joined the knighthood.
My father and my
grandfather before him
helped found and protect
the Independent Trade Cities.
They were considered
the right-hand men
of Housman the first.
A month ago, my father
died of a serious illness.
As his only child, it was
my duty to succeed my father
as the head of
the Cambell family.
As such, I knew I had
to join the knighthood
and become a member
of the Knight Guards.
But I was almost killed by that
crazy man in my first battle.
I lost what little
confidence I had.
Now I'm scared.
So at this point, the only
thing that keeps me going
is the strength I gather
from my family sword.
But now that it's
been destroyed,
I can't depend on it anymore.
I need a new sword
I can depend on!
I want a strong one that won't
break when I need it most.
One that will help me
protect this city
and give me confidence
as a knight.
I want a sword that will act
as my partner in a battle.
Only you can do that, Luke.
You can forge me a sword
that won't fall apart,
made especially for me!
I'm sorry, Miss Cecily.
I hate to break it to you,
but there's no such thing
as an indestructible sword.
No matter how durably
it's forged every sword
starts to break down eventually.
Even Luke's katana don't last--
That's enough, Lisa.
I think you've done
enough damage for today.
Luke?
Are you done now?
One more thing: I want
you to look at me.
See the noble heart
within my breast.
[BOTH gasp]
Huh? Hm? Uh? No, wait
that's not what I meant!
That's certainly one way
to call attention to them.
No, you've got it all wrong!
Luke is the biggest
jerk I've ever met.
I'd never be interested in him!
The feeling's mutual.
For a second I thought you were
gonna confess your undying love.
What I was trying to say wa--
[bell rings]
The warning bell!
[roaring]
[groans]
[BOTH whimper]
[DOG DEMONS growling]
[KNIGHT GUARDS whimper]
Stand strong, men.
We must protect our cargo!
Where the hell did these
monsters come from?
[EYEPATCH chuckles]
Impressive.
Even the courageous
Knight Guards
are powerless
against your monsters.
Sorry I ever doubted your plan.
Thanks to you, their treasure
is as good as mine.
These are Knight Guards.
Can you tell me
what happened?
We were ambushed by bandits.
Please protect the cargo.
I'll do my best.
But I need this.
What do you think you're doing?
What I have to, Luke.
Protect the people--
[DOG DEMON 1 roars]
[KNIGHT GUARD E groaning]
[DOG DEMONS growling]
What the hell...?
They're monsters.
And judging by
their blank stares,
I'd say they're being
controlled by someone.
[CECILY] Damn it. Now you get
to see what I'm capable of.
Stay here and watch me fight.
I'm gonna prove
to you I'm worthy
of wielding a sword
you've forged.
Cecily! Come back!
She's out of her mind!
[CECILY yells]
[CECILY grunts]
[DOG DEMON 1 roars]
[CECILY gasps]
[LUKE]
Get up, Cecily Cambell.
You're a knight.
Start acting like one.
Luke, I... Behind you!
[DOG DEMON 2 grunting]
[LUKE yells]
[DOG DEMON 2 groans]
[gasps]
[EYEPATCH] Where the hell
did he come from?
So now what? You promised me
this monster plan of
yours was foolproof!
Those damn things didn't last
one round with that kid!
I still have a few tricks
up my sleeve, friend.
You didn't tell me
you had a backup plan!
Ya wanna let me in on it
before we end up dead?
[MAN IN BLACK]
You already know.
All you need do is
listen to your heart.
I'm sorry, Luke.
That's twice you've had
to come to my rescue.
[LUKE] Well, it's not
gonna happen again.
Whoa. What's going on?
[roars]
Idiot! How could you
do such a thing?
What do you mean?
He signed a Demon Contract.
Signed a Demon Contract?
So that thing is human?
[roaring]
What now?
You can't handle this.
Get out of here while you can!
[CECILY]
But I can't leave you!
Dammit, do what I say!
Lisa!
Right! Come on, we have
to get out of here!
[CECILY]
This feels wrong.
Am I doing the right thing?
[CECILY] As a knight, it's my
duty to stay here and fight!
I will not run!
But Miss Cecily!
[DEMON screeches]
[gasps]
Watch out!
[DEMON screeches]
What're you, stupid?
Get out of here!
[CECILY] I told you!
I'm gonna prove myself to you!
I'm a member of the
elite Knight Guards.
Protectors of the Independent
Trade Cities of Housman.
I'm Cecily Cambell!
I'm head of the prestigious
Cambell family household!
And as a knight, my duty is to
protect the citizens of Housman.
Everyone. Including you, Luke!
[DEMON roars]
[CECILY grunts]
[CECILY] Though I know
it may cost me my life,
I will stand and
fight valiantly.
I will not back down!
Lisa! I need tamahagane
and a hilt!
Comin' right up.
[LUKE]
Perfect.
Hey! Cecily, I need you
to buy me some time!
Are you ready to forge a katana?
[LISA]
Ready!
[gasps]
Heat tamahagane. Separate.
Metal from Rock.
Pour and then cool.
Hammer. Now fold.
Fold.
Fold. Fold. Fold.
Smelt core blade.
Smelt jacket blade.
Form Hamon. Form Kissaki.
Apply clay. Heat with fire.
Now quench with cool water.
Sand clay. Sharpen blade.
Now begin polish.
Binsooey polish.
Kaisei polish. Chu-nagura.
Koma-nagura. Uchigumori.
And the final polish: Hazuya.
Jezuya. Nugui.
Nahrume polish.
Attach blade to tsuka.